you
in the most remote location on earth
thousands of feet below the surface the
Unsinkable has happened
talk to me crabs oh it started out as a
simple order a krabby patty with cheese
tell em I'm wrong we make customer took
a bite no cheese I'm going in no the
only thing that stands between an
improperly made sandwich and a disaster
is the courage of one spun
everything's gonna be just fine who are
you you got a family film hmm come on
Phil stay with me let's hear about that
family thing good say cheese
Oh order up
you may think spongebob squarepants is
just your average ordinary sea sponge
but now when his entire world is
threatened I will rule the world
hey well good luck with that
he'll get the chance seize him oh I
won't let you to become the rule no one
ever imagined bigger Oh square ear
spongy er the spongebob squarepants
movie who were finatus
no Patrick they're laughing next to us
so catch the dance fever and look for
the complete second season of Spongebob
Squarepants DVD boxset and don't forget
that season one is also available right
now the Rugrats have overcome many
obstacles and their young lives but
they're about to face their biggest
challenge yet it's my 13th birthday
Angelica is turning 13 in all grown ups
lucky 13 available now on DVD and VHS
now that Angelica's turning 13 will she
turn her back on Tommy and the gang
forever this is Gabbie Pot I'm going to
be a teenager and dude I'm sorry
but when a snobby girl at school tries
to spoil Angelica's birthday party will
Tommy and Chuckie save Angelica's
special day think I got a plan will
Tommy go undercover will Phil do the
Monster Mash will dil propose a plan
with a porpoise
find out if they can save Angelica's
birthday bash all grown-ups lucky 13
available on DVD and VHS now coming to
DVD and VHS from Paramount Home
Entertainment believe in yourself and
you'll always win you must learn to play
from your heart a dual match is like
life you never know what's going to
happen a card game like no other with
civilizations beyond our world
powerful creatures beyond our control
and courageous players who will stop at
nothing I never turn down a challenge to
become the best I did it this is the
world of duel masters for the first time
ever on DVD and VHS it's a mega powerful
feature-length adventure with worlds of
supercharged bonus extras only you can
take control of great let's go out and
own the zone join young master Shou Bou
as he battles through all of his
competitions with the help of his
friends Riku de se okie me me what's
drool Master drool Master
it's called duo master strange need for
a bubble gum card huh and night clan you
can make it you must be the best guy
judo player in the world well that's
what that trophy says next year does he
have the gift all of the elements I'm
guessing you're bad guy I'm your worst
nightmare
are in your control I believe in myself
duel masters from Wizards of the coast
coming to DVD and VHS early 2005 Hasbro
and Paramount Home Entertainment present
transformers Energon on DVD and VHS for
the first time ever in a world that is
constantly evolving change means power
and power means everything Optimus Prime
super mode especially on the planet
Earth we're a vital source of strength
Energon can be found the most powerful
initiative universe Energon it is an
abundance honest now the Decepticons
needed to get stronger we'll need a lot
more in a John Reese or bring us more
the Autobots needed to survive protect
the Energon mine at all cost
and when the eternal struggle continues
the countdown to extinction begins
now Hasbro's transformers Energon is on
DVD and VHS with special bonus features
only you can control
transformer
available now on DVD and VHS look for
more Transformers adventures coming soon
transformers Energon more than meets the
eye the stab of dreams its magic is
legendary its force can be lethal
now only one young hero can use its
power to save the world
tatak is back faster braver stronger
tag to the staff of dreams the video
game available now